Create batch users (#553)
descope/node-sdk: README.md

  false,
);

> // You can also create a batch of users without sending invitations.
> // This is useful when you want to create users programmatically without triggering the invitation flow.
> // You can set a cleartext password or import a prehashed one from another service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a batch of users.
// This is useful when you want to create users programmatically without triggering the invitation flow.
// You can set a cleartext password or import a prehashed one from another service.
// Note: This function will NOT send an invitation to the created users. If invitations are required use `inviteBatch` instead.
```
